EPISODE 8
You see, I grew up with nothing,
like an orphaned child in wartime.
You need a thick mask
to pretend like nothing's wrong.
Who exactly are you?
Why did you approach me
when you knew Su-ho?
Do you think I blame you…
for Su-ho's death?
Or do you think…
I'm getting revenge for him?
Watching how a woman named Han Seol-ah
made Su-ho swing between happiness,
sadness, and pain
always made me wonder
what kind of person she is.
From the moment I met you,
I knew
you were a woman
a man would give his life for.
Are you telling me…
you fell for the woman
who caused your friend's death?
I wouldn't even dream about it
if Su-ho were still alive.
However,
my friend is gone,
and we're right here under the same sky.
Is that it?
What other truth do you need?
-Mr. Paek, are you okay?
-What's going on?
The fire alarm went off.
We're looking into it.
Do it fast!
Yes, sir.
We can talk again another time.
The fire alarm has been activated.
Please evacuate all areas immediately.
Do not use the elevators and proceed
to the nearest emergency stairs
in a calm and orderly manner.
Get in!
YOUR HOME INTEGRATED CONTROL CENTER
CCTV SYSTEM
Pause right there.
Keep playing.
Show me a different angle.
Pause right there.
A black cap.
So it was Mr. Paek.
He solicited murder.
I didn't get to ask more questions
because the fire alarm went off.
That was me.
I was afraid you might be in danger.
My office will make the arrangements.
Stay out of the country for a while.
I didn't expect this day to come so soon.
If Mr. Paek tried to kill
Mr. Lee Kwang-jin,
is it possible that he…
He could've hurt someone else before.
It doesn't make sense.
Even if this is a revenge
on Su-ho's behalf,
it's way too extreme.
Paek Jun-beom
probably knows by now
what was taken from the server,
and he'll do whatever he thinks he has to.
If we can track his movements after Syria
and put pressure on him--
What if you become the next target?
That works out even better.
His henchman has been exposed,
so he'll be forced to take action himself.
Why are you being so reckless?
Are you worried about me?
Of course.
Then that's all I need.
AHN *****-SOO
Mr. Ahn, how much longer
do I have to hide here?
I'm sick of it.
We're worried you'll be in danger again.
My wife thinks I'm having an affair
because I won't tell her where I am.
Hey, that's a penalty for you.
Why don't we play poker instead?
-Mr. Cha!
-Hey.
How are you feeling?
The doctor said I should relieve stress,
so I'm emptying Mr. Ahn's wallet
while I recover.
He's a total card shark.
My, look at that.
But why would Jun-beom target me?
I just can't believe it.
He didn't want us to meet.
There's definitely more
to Lee Su-ho and Paek Jun-beom
than just their friendship.
The Jun-beom I know
has no reason to do this,
and he's not that kind of person either.
Maybe he has a dark secret.
Something that no one should ever know.
Nothing comes to mind.
Let me know if anything
that could be a clue comes to mind.
The puzzle is almost complete,
but we're missing
the most important piece.
GANGHA POLICE STATION
A travel ban has been issued
against Kim Sung-hae.
There's enough evidence for hit-and-run
and attempted murder charges.
Paek Jun-beom is the problem.
The illegally obtained evidence
Woo-seok gave us isn't enough
to prove murder for hire.
Maybe he had Kim Sung-hae
kill Kim Yun-ji too.
But what's Paek Jun-beom's motive?
He's a man with a lot at stake.
Isn't it usually a love affair
or a grudge in cases like this?
Bring him in for questioning for now.
Let's find out what kind of person he is.
Yes, sir.
Hello, Ms. Kwon.
-Hello.
-What brings you here?
I called, but you didn't answer.
You called?
Captain.
Why don't you go home
with your wife tonight?
No, that's okay.
I thought I'd bring some late-night snacks
while dropping off his clean clothes.
I'm guessing
you haven't had a proper meal yet.
Wow, this isn't just any gimbap.
It's chungmu gimbap, right?
I figured you'd be tired
of regular gimbap.
Thank you so much.
CHA WOO-SEOK YEONGJONGDO ACCIDENT
ATTEMPTED MURDER OF LEE KWANG-JIN
Let's sit down and eat.
This looks so good.
NONGHYUP LIFE INSURANCE
The Taemyung Cultural Foundation accident?
FINE ART
COMPREHENSIVE INSURANCE CLAIM FORM
A truck crashed into a retaining wall
and caught fire,
destroying five pieces.
The insured amount alone
is ten billion won.
DRIVING RECORD CERTIFICATE
NAME: HAN SEO-YUL
The driver is 23 years old
and had his license for less than a year.
When transporting
high-value paintings like these,
you never do it alone.
There's a team of professional couriers.
SPECIALIZING IN FINE ART & CULTURAL ASSETS
And the most experienced driver
is always behind the wheel.
Artworks worth ten billion won
would never be handled so poorly.
We need to consider the possibility
of the accident being orchestrated.
Anyway,
refer this to the SIU
at general insurance.
This isn't our department.
We actually need help from an art expert,
and I hear
there's a bit of something going on…
between you and Ms. Han at Royal Auction.
Who said that?
I'll ask her.
Thank you, Mr. Cha.
How many bidders have we secured so far
for the Stiller?
We have 11,
including phone and absentee bidders.
We only have three confirmed bidders,
but we're still actively promoting it.
It's a high-value piece,
so the bar is set high for bidders.
I got calls from three people as well.
The opening bids
will set the tone for this piece,
so we need to create competition
from the start.
Reach out to our regular VIP clients
and keep me updated.
-Yes, ma'am.
And as for the catalog…
Sang-mi, I'd like you to do
the final review.
Yes, Ms. Han.
That's it for today.
You know,
Yun-ji used to be in charge of that.
Does this mean
you'll be the associate auctioneer
for the upcoming auction?
I'm not sure.
Who knows what Ms. Han is thinking?
Oh, man.
FINE ART
COMPREHENSIVE INSURANCE CLAIM FORM
The defendant, Ju Hyun-su,
deliberately drove into a retaining wall
on an interchange on-ramp,
causing the death of passenger,
Cha Woo-hee.
The evidence from the crime scene
and insurance policy details
demonstrates the defendant's intent
to kill the victim.
Therefore, the prosecution requests
that the defendant be sentenced
to ten years in prison.
WOO-SEOK
You read my mind.
I was just about to call you.
Have you located Ju Hyun-su?
Someone used his email
to create a delivery app account
about a month ago.
Find out his address.
I'm on it.
STAFF JU HYUN-SU
I thought I told you to stay away
from Royal Auction.
I technically work for the company too.
I wanted to experience
tapping my card and clocking in.
Didn't I tell you not to act rashly?
I told you we needed to wrap up
the Taemyung deal without any issues.
Don't worry.
I poured my heart and soul into it
because it's my comeback project.
I should at least get to experience
being served one of your famous meals.
And once everything with Taemyung is over,
I expect my share.
I won't be greedy.
I think…
10% ought to do it.
You've got some nerve now, Ju Hyun-su.
I only learned from the best.
I saw this on the news.
Is there a problem with the insurance?
The truth is,
it's similar to my sister's accident.
What do you mean?
Namcheonghyeon Interchange.
The spot where the car
hit a retaining wall.
Passenger-side impact only.
Other than the fire,
everything else is the same.
Criminals rely on familiar tactics
and tend to repeat what's worked before.
I'm looking into whether
the same person orchestrated this.
I need your help.
I handled the auction
for all these pieces.
They came from overseas art galleries,
but they turned out to be shell companies.
The real owner was our chair.
The chair of Royal Auction?
She selects profitable pieces
for wealthy clients
and takes a cut for herself
in the process.
This piece here
was secured by Taemyung Group
for 1.5 billion won,
but it was brought in from overseas
for 300 million won.
How is that possible?
Paintings don't have a fixed value.
If someone pays 1.5 billion won
for a painting,
that becomes its value.
Hold on.
If you take out policies on the pieces
and burn them on purpose,
it's possible to get back
that 1.5 billion won, right?
People who deal with art
would never do that.
They'd never burn an authentic piece.
So they'd switch out the authentic pieces…
And burn the forgeries.
That's Chair Kim's tactic.
There was a poor artist
who was commissioned by Chair Kim
to paint replicas.
Later, those replicas
were presented as authentic pieces,
which sparked a huge scandal.
No, my hand!
No!
You could at least be a little shameless.
What were you thinking,
turning to loan sharks?
Just look at you, Artist Han.
Look at your hand.
You can't hold a brush with that hand.
The only thing that isn't damaged here
is that painting.
If this becomes your posthumous piece,
I'll make sure it sells for a high price.
No!
I'm begging you!
Please let me keep that one!
The naive artist
thought he was painting replicas
for an exhibition,
but ended up
taking the fall for everything.
After that,
he was hounded by loan sharks
and died with his family.
Was that person…
My father.
I want to prove
that my father
wasn't that kind of person.
So you joined Royal Auction because--
I wanted to get revenge.
But then…
it became my only reason for living.
I know how that feels.
I'm also chasing the person
who ruined my life.
We need to find out
where the paintings
that were supposedly burned actually are.
There's a secret storage vault
in the chair's suite.
I've been trying to get in
for a long time,
but I never got the opportunity.
You need an expert investigator like me.
And I need an informant
for this art insurance fraud case.
Let's uncover…
the hidden truth
inside that vault together.
Damn it.
This room is completely soundproof.
What are you doing?
Damn it, you scared me.
There are people inside.
Are there?
It was quiet, so I thought it was empty.
Later.
MEET CHA WOO-SEOK,
THE GRIM REAPER OF INSURANCE FRAUD!
SIU'S CHA WOO-SEOK WINS TOP HONOR
AT 2025 INSURANCE CRIME AWARDS
He looks like an honest and reliable guy.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
I know I can be as good as Ms. Kim Yun-ji.
Do you even know the full extent
of Ms. Kim's responsibilities?
I know it to some extent.
I may be inexperienced,
but I'll learn as I go.
What I want
isn't someone
who can be as good as Ms. Kim.
I want someone at Ms. Han's level.
You should, at the very least,
aim to be like Han Seol-ah.
Keep reporting things to me for now.
Yes, ma'am.
I'll provide detailed reports from now on.
This is the painting
Mr. Paek consigned to me.
There should be a clue in here somewhere.
An Orphan from Syria.
Su-ho grew up in an orphanage.
We shared a similar background.
Just how much
has Mr. Paek heard about me?
He knows me as well as Su-ho did.
Let's find out who Paek Jun-beom is
one step at a time.
Could you tell me the exact reason
you were fired from Your Home?
Before he went to Syria,
I handled everything for Mr. Paek
and managed his daily schedule.
But when he returned,
he suddenly told me to leave.
I wasn't the only one.
All the early employees got fired too.
Do you remember anything else
from back then?
The security system
in the offices and labs
kept malfunctioning.
It was customized for Mr. Paek,
but the errors kept happening,
so he eventually had
the whole system replaced.
Errors?
The system used iris recognition,
but strangely,
it couldn't recognize Mr. Paek himself.
So he called a security company
to replace the entire system.
It failed to recognize him,
even though it was him?
Yes.
His irises are different?
No amount of surgery
can change your iris patterns.
It could be someone
impersonating Paek Jun-beom.
Here's what you asked for.
Thank you.
Why did you ask me to gather
photos of only this person?
I'll tell you later.
Where are you going?
Are you looking into Paek Jun-beom?
Paek Jun-beom
was friends with Lee Su-ho?
He approached me intentionally.
I need to find out
what his real intentions are.
Are you saying
everything that happened to you
wasn't just a coincidence?
Yeah.
That's what I think.
Why didn't you tell me sooner
instead of going to that SIU investigator?
I can help you too, you know.
He and I are sharing information
because it helps both of us.
I'm a bit hurt.
It feels like you're relying
on that investigator more than me.
It's not so much relying on him,
but he's similar to us in a way.
And we recognized that in each other.
The way you and I did.
I know Paek Jun-beom very well.
I heard you two were
in the same start-up club back in college.
He used to be so thoughtful
toward everyone around him,
but I heard he's completely changed
once his start-up took off.
Have you lost all contact with him, then?
I heard he had injured his face,
so I thought that was why
he avoided people.
But I saw him at a conference,
and he looked fine.
I think he's even better-looking now.
But when I greeted him,
he ignored me like I was a stranger.
I heard he's lost touch
with the rest of his friends.
Do you know why?
I'd like to know myself.
It's hard to believe
how someone can change that drastically.
That bastard
injected the anesthetic like this
while I was squinting, watching him.
Cold sweat just ran down my back.
And then what?
I pretended to be asleep.
Man.
If that IV had really been in you,
you could've died instead of me.
I risked my life for this mission.
I was even ready to take him on
if he had found out I was a fake.
Are you also a former detective?
No.
I'm better at using my head,
so I took an exam to get this job.
In any case,
I'm glad you didn't get caught.
I mean, we do look similar
when our faces are covered, don't we?
No, not at all.
Call Mr. Cha.
DNA.
Since we often go to conflict zones,
we store DNA samples for identification
in case something goes wrong.
OnWorld has Su-ho
and Jun-beom's DNA information.
Now we can finally find out
what Paek Jun-Beom was trying to hide.
An invitation?
It's for a preview event
for our VVIP clients,
and it'll also be the first public showing
of the Stiller.
Then I should attend.
That piece meant a great deal to me.
In 2013, Stiller sought to visualize
"layers of memory."
The thick, overlapping blues
and repeating geometric patterns
served as a metaphor
for the passage and erosion of time.
These red lines,
which appear to form a frame,
were used to amplify disorder.
Through this approach,
Stiller captured what he described
as "the moment memory engulfs
its own borders."
He's much better looking
than the rumors claim.
I hear he's still single.
Mr. Lee Kwang-jin
wanted me to send his regards.
He says he's well…
and wants to see you.
I'm glad to hear that.
Mr. Lee is also the only person
I want to see.
Is that so?
Do you usually act differently
from how you really feel?
It's not too late
to make the right decision.
It's best to turn yourself in
rather than get arrested.
It looks better that way,
and it could reduce your sentence.
It sounds like it'd be fun,
but I don't know
if I'll ever step foot in a police station
because I have a very capable legal team.
You must be very upset about the accident.
The value of those paintings
increased greatly after I won them.
It's a huge loss since it was
more than just a few paintings.
We take out insurance policies
for exactly these kinds of situations.
Ms. Han, I hear you know
the insurance account manager well.
Is that so?
Take extra care
that this is processed smoothly.
Yes, Chair Kim.
Don't worry about a thing.
You know how good Ms. Han is at her job.
You can buy even better paintings
once you receive the compensation.
I'll recommend some again.
This right here
is the Stiller
that will be at the next auction.
There aren't many Stillers left,
so they're extremely valuable,
and since this will be the first one
auctioned in Korea,
the competition will be fierce.
Excuse me, Mr. Paek.
Chair Kim would like to see you privately.
Would that be okay?
Sure.
I guess parties really aren't my thing.
I feel very uncomfortable.
At times like that,
you should try to relax.
Right, you're still on the job.
Yes.
Are you okay?
Mr. Paek!
Mr. Paek Jun-beom, can you hear me?
What's wrong with him?
He's in anaphylactic shock.
With symptoms this severe,
he should have an injector on him.
-Is he dead?
-Oh, my gosh.
I think he's getting better.
Where are you? Get here now.
Where's the sample?
-Here.
-What the heck?
What on earth did you do?
We'll get accurate results for sure.
-Step on it.
-Yes, sir.
He's in anaphylactic shock.
With symptoms this severe,
he should have an injector on him.
Watching how a woman named Han Seol-ah
made Su-ho swing between happiness,
sadness, and pain
always made me wonder
what kind of person she is.
I wouldn't even dream about it
if Su-ho were still alive.
However,
my friend is gone,
and we're right here
under the same sky.
What a commotion at a VIP event.
Mr. Song, just a moment!
Hey, hurry up.
You were serving drinks, right?
What happened?
Mr. Paek collapsed
after drinking champagne.
But more importantly, here.
What is it?
LIST OF CHAIR KIM'S PROPERTIES
REGISTERED UNDER BORROWED NAMES
5. HYUN-SU'S FRUIT, 6. COUNTRY HOUSE,
7. BITNA TOWN BUILDING, 8. ROYAL VILLAT…
WORKS IN FELIX STORAGE
What's this?
I stole it from Han Seol-ah's desk
during the commotion earlier.
You've got absolutely no fear, do you?
You told me not to coast by.
Right.
Would you look at that.
They say you should never trust people.
She's been digging up dirt on Chair Kim
behind her back, huh?
It's 110 over 70.
Your numbers are back to normal,
but should I have Dr. Jeong on standby?
No, I'm fine.
Take a seat.
Is the event over?
Not yet.
Then what brings you here?
I was afraid I wouldn't have
another opportunity if not today.
Isn't there something
you really want to say to me?
It's finally come to this.
There's somewhere we need to go.
I want to show you something.
Someday, way down the road,
I want us to build our home
in the woods.
-What?
-A two-story house.
I want a big front yard
so our kids can run around
and play all day.
I'm going to line the path to our house
with your favorite birch trees.
We'll have a small swing on the lawn
for us to sit on with our kids
whenever we like.
Seol-ah, where are you?
POWERING OFF
I picked and cleared the land
in the first year
and built the house the following year.
I had a hand in everything,
from the stone slabs to the roof
and every tree.
I wanted you
to be the first to see this place.
Aren't you cold?
Just a moment.
Oh, right.
You don't like fires.
Su-ho.
I compared the blood from the injector
with the samples
from Lee Su-ho and Paek Jun-beom,
and it matches
Lee Su-ho's STR profile.
SAMPLE 1 - SAMPLE 2 RESULT
SAMPLE 1: LEE SU-HO
SAMPLE 2: PAEK JUN-BEOM
ANALYSIS INDICATES A COMPLETE MATCH
SAMPLE 1 AND SAMPLE 2
ARE FROM THE SAME INDIVIDUAL
So, he's not Paek Jun-beom.
He's Lee Su-ho.
Paek Jun-beom died in Syria.
The phone you are trying to reach
is turned off. You will be directed to--
Mr. Cha!
It didn't feel like my name anymore…
but hearing you say it
makes it feel different.
It feels like I'm back in the past.
I was actually worried…
that you'd recognize me immediately.
But you…
You only had eyes for the painting…
that Paek Jun-beom, the VIP, owned.
What's wrong?
You were testing whether it was really me,
weren't you?
You put something in the champagne,
didn't you?
How can you be…
How can I be Lee Su-ho?
Seol-ah.
Go to TH Hotel.
Take good care of him.
What's the matter with you?
I'm late for a meeting.
I'm leaving for Syria tomorrow.
I already told you.
Work is more important to me.
Does the world look different
now that you're at Royal Auction?
You think there's no future with me
since I have nothing?
Yeah.
SEOL-AH
You're the one…
who killed me.
That's not me anymore.
The idiot who chose to end his life
just to be remembered by you…
is dead.
Life is ironic, isn't it?
It's funny how my clothes
got switched with Jun-beom's that day.
We have a patient!
Jun-beom, stay with me!
You're going to be okay.
Just hang in there.
You'll be okay.
Make room!
My friend who tried to save me died,
and I survived instead.
SURGERY STATUS
PAEK JUN-****: IN SURGERY
The medical staff
thought I was Paek Jun-beom.
I had to undergo reconstructive surgery
on my completely damaged face
and vocal cords.
After dozens of operations…
my face turned into my friend's.
I started a new life…
with a different face,
a different name,
and even a different voice.
I became Paek Jun-beom.
When I came back,
I realized how stupid I was.
You didn't even care if I had died or not.
Did you like money that much?
So much that you'd follow an old man
into a hotel room?
That was for work.
It's not what you think at all.
So what are you doing right now?
The Lee Su-ho you dumped
was pathetic in every way,
but Paek Jun-beom's life was different.
This is our private viewing room.
Please head inside.
Yes, Paddle 86. We have 5.3 billion.
Congratulations.
I didn't realize success
could feel so sweet, comfortable,
and empowering.
I didn't know life could be like this.
And then
I got curious.
I wondered if I could seduce you
with my wealth.
But at the same time,
I hoped you wouldn't fall for it.
You…
You really are Lee Su-ho.
Lee Su-ho, the idiot.
When you have nothing,
the only thing you can bet on is yourself.
I hated you as much as I had loved you.
I wanted to get revenge,
even if it meant dying.
I'm at Paek Jun-beom's house.
Damn it.
I can't reach either of them.
Track their location.
You need to move out right now!
You know the captain.
He won't mobilize people
over something like that.
What's going on?
I don't have time to explain.
Then tell him to come
and catch me in the act.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to kill Paek Jun-beom.
Hey, Cha Woo-seok!
Damn it.
Damn it!
APPROACHED SEOL-AH
AFTER THE KIM YUN-JI CASE
DO EUN-HYUK, JUST A FRIEND?
HWANG SUK-JI, OVERLY OBSESSED WITH SEOL-AH
KIM YUN-JI (ASSOCIATE AUCTIONEER)
CHA WOO-SEOK (SIU INVESTIGATOR)
DATED, THEN PROPOSED
YOON SEUNG-JAE, OWNER OF THE GALLERY
HAN SEOL-AH
SEOL-AH AFTER WORK
SEOL-AH RUNNING AN AUCTION
If I had come back as Lee Su-ho,
would you have even looked my way?
You only smiled at me after I won a bid
worth billions of won.
You came running to charm me
when you found out I owned a Stiller!
And like a moron…
I was swayed.
I wanted to make you my woman again!
We can be happy together, Seol-ah.
I'm Paek Jun-beom. I can do anything.
I'll give you everything you want.
You've lost your mind!
Why can't we be together?
Wait.
Don't tell me
it's because of Cha Woo-seok.
Do you like that bastard?
DATED, THEN PROPOSED
YOON SEUNG-JAE, OWNER OF THE GALLERY
CHA WOO-SEOK (SIU INVESTIGATOR)
DO EUN-HYUK, JUST A FRIEND?
HWANG SUK-JI, OVERLY OBSESSED WITH SEOL-AH
Make up your mind.
Locate Paek Jun-beom right now
and mobilize everyone.
Let him go.
The last location
before the signal dropped
was 866, Jicheon-myeon, Yangpyeong-gun.
Stop it!
Get away from me!
Don't come near me.
I've already died once because of you.
I can do it again.
I have no intention of ever leaving you
in this lifetime, Seol-ah.
HAN SEOL-AH
The phone you are trying to reach
is turned off.
You will be directed to voicemail
after the beep and charges will apply.
Don't move.
Let go of me!
It's a murder case!
Just let me see her once.
They all felt pity for me
and said they'd do anything for me,
so I told them to do what my parents did
and take out an insurance policy and die.
If there was someone else…
Don't relax just yet.
She's still the prime suspect.
Cha Woo-seok really cares.
Thank you for everything.
Thank you for helping me
and believing me.
Subtitle: Jenny Kim